disjoints : the events cant happen simultaneously 
eg : 5 and 3 cant get when a die is thrown

independent events : probability of one event wont impact the probability of other 

in that p(A ^ B ) =p(A) * p(B) 

dependent events : first event will change the probability of second evevnt

Mutually exclusive and exhaustive events :

Mutually exclusive events are those events where two events cannot happen together.

The easiest example to understand this is the toss of a coin. Getting a head and a tail are mutually exclusive because we can either get heads
 or tails but never both at the same in a single coin toss.

A set of events is collectively exhaustive when the set should contain all the possible outcomes of the experiment.
 One of the events from the list must occur for sure when the experiment is performed.
 
 find the difference between disjoint and mutually exclusive events?
 
 naive  bayes theoram
 Pros:

It is easy and fast to predict class of test data set. It also perform well in multi class prediction
When assumption of independence holds, a Naive Bayes classifier performs better compare to other models like logistic regression and you need less training data.
It perform well in case of categorical input variables compared to numerical variable(s). For numerical variable, normal distribution is assumed (bell curve, which is a strong assumption).
Cons:

If categorical variable has a category (in test data set), which was not observed in training data set, then model will assign a 0 (zero) probability and will be unable to make a prediction. This is often known as “Zero Frequency”. To solve this, we can use the smoothing technique. One of the simplest smoothing techniques is called Laplace estimation.
On the other side naive Bayes is also known as a bad estimator, so the probability outputs from predict_proba are not to be taken too seriously.
Another limitation of Naive Bayes is the assumption of independent predictors. In real life, it is almost impossible that we get a set of predictors which are completely independent.
